Some of the ones I can work with from here [https://www.reddit.com/r/d100/comments/8lh0tw/completed_list_d100_one_shot_premises/](https://www.reddit.com/r/d100/comments/8lh0tw/completed_list_d100_one_shot_premises/) 

1. You hear from a farmer that his chickens are being stolen. He knows it could not be wild animals due to only 3 males being taken every night. Upon further investigation, the party discovers it is a cult trying to complete a ritual to summon a "great hero" to guide them into a new era. This great hero is just a gnome wizard that invented an infinite polymorph spell and was stuck as a chicken.

3. Gladiator arena with complications every round (fighting something for their level) [https://www.reddit.com/r/d100/comments/8iqp3t/lets_build_100_arena_combat_complications_for/](https://www.reddit.com/r/d100/comments/8iqp3t/lets_build_100_arena_combat_complications_for/) 

17. Supernatural episode
- Survive a night in the woods with a Wendigo
- Infiltrate a vampire nest to reap the leader’s (Strahd’s) blood to turn the king back to a normal human. Could use Ravenloft Castle as the nest. Maybe include a Bagman encounter in a room too?

28. Wizard Kart????  [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-j0wgECFho&t](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-j0wgECFho&t) 
- Looks like rules are transcribed here [https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCTeam/comments/6n69i3/wizards_cup_rules_transcribed/](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCTeam/comments/6n69i3/wizards_cup_rules_transcribed/) 

29. The owner of a magical creatures shop contacts the adventurers because the rogues' guild has let loose a number of his creatures in his shop: a hatchling cockatrice, a frost toad, a salamander and a baby manticore. While his shop is adequate to contain the creatures, he is not capable of recapturing them and thus cannot reopen his business. He will pay a premium price to the adventurers to capture the animals alive, 25% of the amount for any creatures killed, and he expects residual damage to be kept to a minimum, with contractual penalties.

31. A town has a park, which includes a group of stone cow statues. However, the townspeople are worried because a few new stone cows have appeared and no one knows where they came from. The party is hired to figure out what is going on, and eventually discovers that someone had the bright idea to keep a basilisk as a pet and it got loose. Inspired the the Charles Stross novella The Concrete Jungle from the Laundry Files universe. 

36. The party is all level 1 or 0 peasants. One day a wizard rolls into town and offers to reward them if they can test a hundred wands with random magical effects for him. Chaos ensues. [Can use Wild Magic effects for wands]

38. The party is aboard a ship, that's carrying unique and vital documents about a devastating magical weapon. However, there is a much bigger ship on their tail… (Maybe include kraken here as well? Party has to prevent ship from sinking)

39. The party members are part of a secret organization that specializes in containing dangerous creatures and objects. Organization intel suggests there is a major threat inside of a heavily defended noble's castle. They have managed to infiltrate into a party in the castle, and must look for whatever the threat is. (the threat happens to be a high CR creature or an actual SCP)

40. The party has a simple task: to assassinate a wizard before noon, when his devastating spell will be completed. However, the wizard is hiding among a crowd, and killing him in public would have even worse consequences than the completion of the spell.

43. A town is in despair; for their children have been whisked away by a powerful illusionist with a flute. Worse still, this madman armed the children to defend himself as no one in the village can bring themselves to harm the children. Can you bring back their sons and daughters unharmed?

45. Before he died, an infamous trapmaker announces that he has hidden his huge amassed fortune at the end of a massive labyrinth filled with what he calls "his most devious traps yet". Now the race is on to see who can reach this treasure trove first, complicating matters is rumors that some monsters have accidentally wandered in, trying to make a home in this dungeon. (This could be a way to introduce Tomb of Horrors?)

60. You need to help a half-elf child find a date for prom. It's on Friday!

67. Quest: join the Thieves guild in Calimport, recover information about where a noble is being kept prisoner, assassinate the head of the guild, ensure a particular person takes over, using that person's help organize that the noble is freed but make it look like it was another group responsible for breaking him free. If it is still going on, the person who hired you now wants you killed, no loose ends, try and resolve that matter. 

Extra ideas:
- 100 ways to die: 100 trivia questions. Get it wrong, and suffer the consequences. [they can either be pitted against a random monster or suffer a Wild Magic effect.]
- Chernobyl: After a disastrous accident involving dangerous radioactive elements and a really high level of magic, the players need to venture into the depths of a highly radioactive magical fuel plant and turn off the water to prevent a second, larger explosion. However, the combination of heavy magic and radiation has turned the former engineers into monsters from their darkest nightmares. Armed with only what they can carry, their wits, and a Geiger counter, will the players succeed in preventing another disaster?
	- I want to run this idea like the monsters from GTFO, they are asleep but easily awoken by sounds, and if you wake them, you best start praying…
- The Bagman. A normal basement rat horde encounter/quest (a local NPC requests help from the adventurers due to strange noises in their basement, and since it’s a quiet day anyway they agree to help). But, once the adventurers clear out the rats, they notice a Bag of Holding, laying open on the floor. High passive perception (or good perception rolls) reveal that there are dead rats around it, and they are most certainly long dead, half-rotten, and mostly eaten, leaving just half-eaten bones. If one of the players investigates, the door to the basement closes, plunging the whole basement into darkness. The players then feel a presence they didn’t feel before - directly above the bag they just investigated. The Bagman has found their next victim.
	- Statblock - [https://www.reddit.com/r/monsteraday/comments/vfn8pg/i_made_a_custom_statblock_for_the_bagman_from_vrgr/](https://www.reddit.com/r/monsteraday/comments/vfn8pg/i_made_a_custom_statblock_for_the_bagman_from_vrgr/)
	- How I would introduce The Bagman: As you approach the bag on the ground, the old wooden door to the basement creaks closed, extinguishing the lanterns, and plunging the basement into darkness (players without darkvision are now blind). You then feel a presence that you are for sure wasn’t there before; and it’s directly above you. [when the players look at it] As you slowly look upward, you can see a creature attached to the ceiling, staring down at you with its yellow eyes from behind its gross curtain of hair. Its smile is one of a predator that found its prey, long blood-caked teeth from its last victims still fresh in its mouth, wielding the smile of a devil you didn’t believe in. The long, skin and bone limbs holding it onto the ceiling end in sharp claws, dug into the ceiling. Its skin, once full of life, now gray and decaying, strung tightly across its bones, some parts falling off. Its back curves unnaturally, such that each bone and rib in its spine pokes out of the leathery skin. It reaches down to the floor, its lanky body stretching from the ceiling downward, and in a panther-like fashion puts itself on the floor in front of you on all fours, and as it moves it makes the sound of bones cracking and breaking, but it doesn’t seem to effect the monster in front of you. Its form seems to sometimes flicker to a wildly different, yet unnatural position, silently screaming in pain, before abruptly shifting back to normal. It looks at [nearest player] and opens its jaws sideways, like mandiles, and exuding from its hideous mouth comes the sound of rats squeaking and panicking. You can barely make out some rat flesh still hanging from its teeth, and half broken rat bones stuck between them as well. The stench of long dead and rotting rats fills your nose, and as its hideous eyes lock onto you, it lunges. Roll initiative.
- Abandoned space explorer
	- The players hail from an advanced society seeking other terrestrial planets to find and befriend other life forms, but a recently sent out space ship suddenly went dark last week. The players are sent on a mission to find this ship, make contact, find out what happened, and return to mission control with the results. However, after docking with the ship, they are met with only silence. After some exploration, they find the bodies of the astronauts littered around, bite marks covering their bodies. No survivors. However, something still lurks on this ship, and it doesn’t like visitors.
- Big bear ideas
	- Noble family's son went out on a hunting trip with his friends in the mountain and never came back . They hire some bounty hunters to retrieve him. After a few combat encounters you discover that they are dead, however interestingly enough, they are already nothing but bones left, and if someone has a high enough nature/medicine check, you can discover that none of them fit the description of the noble's son and their deaths were caused by a hunting weapon (spears and arrows, or guns if you want that in your world). After this discovery a mysterious blizzard rolls in and the party is forced to wait it out or suffer many points of exhaustion. Through notes and environmental story telling (plates with human gore and notes of the noble's son describing the trip, going from joyful to distressed describing his hunger and the cold) convey that the son of the royal had to eat his friends to survive and also show hints of a menacing beast with a deer shaped skull stalking the shack
	- Something here [https://www.reddit.com/r/dndnext/comments/a2hb6o/winter_oneshot/](https://www.reddit.com/r/dndnext/comments/a2hb6o/winter_oneshot/) 
- John Wick
	- The party consists of all John Wick-esque characters, and the mob or something has wronged them in some way. They must take revenge and take down the mob.
- Goosebumps 
	- Take inspiration from Haunted Mask and Say Cheese And Die!
		- Haunted Mask - unable to take mask off that gives certain benefits but is also cursed
		- Say Cheese And Die! - camera that turns scene picture was taken into a grisly scene