Summary
- A wizard approaches the party to ask them to check on his experiment which he hasn't heard from in a while; his messengers were supposed to return 4 days ago. When the party goes to investigate, they find a dark and quiet laboratory buried in the frost-hardened ground. The party picks their way through the lab, finding remnants of humanity such as scattered papers, lab coats thrown about, and broken weapons. As they move closer to the center of the lab, they start to find bodies lying on the ground. One of the bodies is holding a letter addressed to the wizard, seeming to be an incomplete warning. Whatever the warning was about, the scientist didn't have time to say. As they continue on, they find more heavily-armed militia lying dead, their bodies in various stages of mutilation. The farther they go, the more mutilated the bodies become. Eventually, they find two heavy doors, which have been propped open to reveal a room containing several, horrifically mutilated bodies. From within the room, constant, maniacal laughter can be heard, as well as a faint light from a single dim light bulb illuminating a type of gas rolling out of the room, creating a thin carpet over the floor. Inside, a few emaciated creatures with blood dripping from their thin lips appear to be the source of the laughter, and carnage. Pray that these creatures have not noticed the group.

Player Primer
- Taking place in a modern fantasy setting, this survival horror one shot has heavy consequences for adventurers willing to take on a wizard's quest with a dark twist.