pointer exception (or P.E. for short) was created almost 30 years ago for one purpose: war. he does not remember much from his time in war, because of the results of one mission he was sent on. toward the end of this mission, as he was trying to escape the field of battle with an Eladrin named Arel in order to bring them to safety, he was struck by a charged projectile, corrupting most of his memory, leaving only fragments of the horrors of war in his mind. luckily, Arel was shielded from the projectile by P.E.'s thick chainmail armor, and when he came to, the sounds of battle were gone. unfortunately, as he came to, the memories of war started resurfacing at inopportune times. one of those memories includes the massacre of P.E.'s entire squadron due to an oversight by P.E., and he has promised himself to never let a mistake like that happen again, and does everything he can to protect his squadron, as he has no other family. often, this has resulted in P.E. putting himself in extremely dangerous situations in order to protect his squad. most of his memories are still corrupted from the incident, but a small program in the back of his mind is telling him there is an artificer out there who can bring them back, at the cost of the new memories being deleted forever.

the time PE has spent with Arel has given him a conundrum. should he find this artificer and restore his memories, all the time hes spent with Arel will be for nothing, he would forget he was ever in love with her. at the same time, during his time as a warrior he went to many different places and met many new people, some he may never see again, others more important, like close friends he fought alongside with. however, his servos have been acting up recently, his fingers twitching randomly, but small enough movement to only be noticed by himself. however, it has been slowly worsening over the years, and PE worries his time may be coming sooner than expected if he cant get this fixed...